Cryptodeer S.R.L. Cookies Policy

In common with most other websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to help us understand how people use this site so that we can keep improving our Platform. We have created this Cookies Policy to provide you with clear and explicit information about the technologies that we use on Cryptodeer S.R.L., and your choices when it comes to these technologies.

If you choose to use the Platform without blocking or disabling cookies or opting out of other technologies, you will indicate your consent to our use of these cookies and other technologies and to our use (in accordance with this policy and the rest of our Privacy Policy) of any personal information that we collect using these technologies. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, please be sure to block or disable them using your browser settings, the opt-out links identified in this policy, or the settings within our mobile apps.
What are cookies?

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. These text files can be read by these websites and help to identify you when you return to a website. Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer when you have gone offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.

To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to block and delete cookies, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/.

We use our own cookies to recognise you when you visit our website or use our apps. This means that you don’t have to log in each time you visit, and we can remember your preferences and settings.

Third Party Cookies

In addition to our own cookies, we work with various reputable companies to help us analyse how the Platform is used, and to optimise our Website and Apps to deliver the best possible experience. The following companies help us achieve this through use of cookies:
Google Analytics and Google Website Optimizer

Google Analytics and Google Website Optimizer are services provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our website, our mobile site. Google Web Optimzer uses the same cookies to measure how different users respond to different content. The information generated by these cookies (including your truncated IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your, and other users’, use of our website, mobile site, compiling reports for us on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Please note that Google only receives your truncated IP address. This is sufficient for Google to identify (approximately) the country from which you are visiting our sites, but is not sufficient to identify you, or your computer or mobile device, individually.

Google cookies are those beginning “__ut”.

You can find more information here, including a link to Google’s privacy policy.

To opt out of this analysis by Google, please see the Opting Out section below.